=== The awful application server

Awful consists of an application server and an extension module.  The
awful application server is a command line program whose usage is:

 $ awful --help
 awful [ -h | --help ]
 awful [ -v | --version ]
 awful [ --development-mode ] [ --disable-web-repl-fancy-editor ] [ --ip-address=<ip address> ] [ --port=<port number> ] [ <app1> <app2> ... ]

{{<app1> <app2> ...}} are files containing code to be loaded by the
awful application server.

{{--ip-address}} can be used to bind the web server to the given IP
address.

{{--port}} can be used to make the web server listen to the given
port.

{{--ip-address}} and {{--port}} take precedence over the Spiffy
parameters to specify the server IP address ({{server-bind-address}})
and port ({{server-port}}).

The {{--development-mode}} option is intended to be used during the
development of your web application.  It's not recommended to run
awful with {{--development-mode}} in production.  The development mode
enables the web REPL and the session inspector (when
{{enable-session}} is {{#t}}) for the localhost, prints error messages
and backtraces to the client (e.g. web browser) and HTTP server
debugging messages to the {{current-error-port}}.  It also makes the
{{/reload}} path available for reloading awful applications.

When in development mode, the web REPL and the session inspector are
available from the {{/web-repl}} and {{/session-inspector}} paths.

If you enable the development mode you can still use
{{enable-web-repl}} and {{enable-session-inspector}} to customize
their respective paths and access control procedures (although the
development mode always allows access to web REPL and session
inspector for the localhost).

The {{--disable-web-repl-fancy-editor}} command line option disables
the web REPL fancy editor.

The {{--privileged-code}} command line options specify code to be run
in privileged mode, for the cases when you specify a user/group to run
the server ({{spiffy-user}}/{{spiffy-group}}).  In this case, you
usually run awful as a user with administrator privileges (e.g.
{{root}} in Unix[-like] systems) and spiffy switches to the specified
user/group.  To make things clearer, let's take a look at awful's
workflow:

         |
         v
 load privileged code
         |
         v
      listen
         |
         v
  switch user/group
         |
         v
  load applications
         |
         v
       accept
         |
         v

As you can see, the privileged code is loaded and evaluated
'''before''' switching user/group.  So, if you run awful with
administrator privileges, the privileged code will the loaded with
administrator privileges.  Running code with administrator privileges
is usually not recommended, but it is necessary if you want, for
example, to specify the user and group to switch to before accepting
connections. So, the {{--privileged-code}} command line option should
be used strictly to specify code which must be run with administrator
privileges (like specifying server user/group and
[[/egg/awful-ssl|enabling SSL]], for example).

The privileged code is '''not''' reloaded when you reload applications
via a defined reload page.
