=== List of macros

==== Applications definition

===== define-app
<syntax>(define-app id matcher: matcher [ parameters: parameters | handler-hook: handler-hook ] body ...)</syntax>

This macro can be used to define an awful application. It's a wrapper
around {{add-request-handler-hook!}} and should be used when you have
multiple awful applications running under the same server, so
parameters set for one application don't interfere with other
applications' parameters.

The idea is that the application's matcher controls when the given
parameters or handler-hook will be applied to take effect over the
given body expressions.

{{id}} (a symbol) is an identifier for the application.

{{matcher}} is a Scheme object that is matched against requested
paths.  When there is a match, the given parameters or handler-hook
are bound/evaluated during the evaluation of {{body}}.  The following
types are supported:

; lists of strings : lists of strings can be used to represent paths to be matched against requested paths.  For example, if the matcher is {{'("/" "/foo")}}, it'll match requests for {{"/foo"}} and {{"/foo/"}}.

; one-argument procedures : if the matcher is a one-argument procedure, it will be given the requested path as argument.  If it returns a non-{{#f}} value, it indicates a match.

; a regular expression object : if the matcher is a regular expression object (e.g., {{(regexp "/foo.*")}}), awful will try to match the requested path against the given regex.


{{parameters}} and {{handler-hook}} are mutually exclusive and
optional.

{{parameters}} is a list of parameter bindings (same syntax as the
list given as first argument to {{parameterize}}) that are bound when
body is evaluated.

{{handler-hook}} is a one-argument procedure which is given the
request handler continuation. It is more flexible than {{parameters}},
since it can do anything before {{body}} is evaluated, including
setting parameters (e.g., using {{parameterize}}).

Notice that {{matcher}}, {{parameters}} and {{handler-hook}} are not
keyword parameters, they are part of {{define-app}}'s syntax.

{{body}} represents the expressions to be evaluated when matcher
returns a truthy value.

Notice that {{define-app}}'s matcher does not affect the
'''definition''' of pages -- they are defined just as if they were
defined outside {{define-app}}'s body.

Here are some examples, assuming we have three applications, foo, bar
and baz, running on the same awful server. The way we "separate"
applications is by checking the path prefix, so foo is available from
{{/foo}}, bar from {{/bar}} and baz from {{/baz}}. Other criteria can
be used, but for simplicity, we'll just use path prefixes.

<enscript highlight=scheme>
(use awful srfi-13 html-tags awful-sql-de-lite)

;;;
;;; App foo
;;;
(define-app foo
  matcher: (lambda (path)
             (string-prefix? "/foo" path))

  parameters: ((enable-ajax #t)
               (enable-sxml #t)
               (ajax-library "/js/foo.js"))

  (define-page "/foo/baz"
    (lambda ()
      '(p "baz from foo")))

  (define-page "/foo/quux"
    (lambda ()
      '(p "quux from foo")))

  )

;;;
;;; App bar
;;;
(define-app bar
  matcher: (lambda (path)
             (string-prefix? "/bar" path))

  handler-hook: (lambda (handler)
                  (switch-to-sql-de-lite-database)
                  (parameterize ((enable-ajax #t)
                                 (ajax-library "/js/bar.js")
                                 (db-credentials "/var/bar/bar.db"))
                    (handler)))

  (define-page "/bar/baz"
    (lambda ()
      (<p> "baz from bar")))

  (define-page "/bar/quux"
    (lambda ()
      (<p> "quux from bar")))

  )

;;;
;;; App baz
;;;
(define-app baz
  matcher: (lambda (path)
             (string-prefix? "/baz" path))

  (define-page "/baz/foo"
    (lambda ()
      "foo from baz"))

  (define-page "/baz/bar"
    (lambda ()
      "bar from baz"))

  )
</enscript>
